hello everybody welcome to the borrowing
pre-season testing preview yes today
we'll be talking about all the
up-and-coming borrowing testing that's
about to happen but first let's talk
about the duress testing that just went
past yet let's give you a quick recap on
what happened in juris yeah so the first
thing the Renault engines they proved to
be unreliable did they they were a joke
yeah they they had a quite a few issues
and I well the main person that softball
main team that suffering from this is
actually cool rebel redbull already
powered engines had a huge problem
interest and which they say is now fixed
yeah they say it's now fixed for than
borrowing come more interesting yeah so
we'll see what happens and uh if they've
resolved their problems and great yeah
another big point that happen in jurors
was the fact that my McLaren and
Mercedes Mercedes yet were on top of
their game yeah they were the they were
the team that showed the most dominance
in day yeah yeah so they did quite well
in terms of testing they covered quite a
few hundred laps in fact over 300 if i'm
not mistaken and we both of them
together yes together um they collected
a lot of data which I'm sauce proved
vital yeah I better team like Red Bull
who only did 11 laps yeah exactly so our
next thing we don't actually know the
true pace of the cause because they they
have been told that they've only be
running fifty percent pace yeah we've
found out that apparently some teams
were only covering fifty percent of
their pace exactly yeah so they can go
even faster exactly so actually that's
about all for the direst testing the
highlights yeah yeah it was done
obviously new designs new regulations
they don't know anything yeah nothing
major happen address now in Bahrain yeah
this way to get serious yeah 19th to the
22nd or februari witches in less than 24
hours time yeah starting tomorrow
tomorrow so let's start the key points
to do it boring yes exactly ah sign off
Lotus ok Lotus have not been in action
at address no so they've been in factory
so we want to see if they can put the
time they had in the factory to good use
and
show some dominant yeah it's I think
it's official they are using the split
nose yes I think it's official zorbas
know some controversy whether they're
using it or they've covered it up and
changed it but yeah are using it yeah
and they've all said it was legal and
it's all good yeah mmm so that could
work out to be an advantage while we
don't know it's the first time they're
coming out on track yeah so I'm just
wait and see what what they do exactly
more progress take over yes so the next
thing for the Reno power costs as
mentioned before they say that they've
sorted their problems out exactly no we
just have to wait and see how it all
pans out on the track exactly uh well
this is the key indication of whether
they fixed all your problems they were
having into res and whether red ball
will still well do well the the problems
that they said they covered was the
cooling issue the cooling issue yeah I
think he knew I was saying that the end
well the internal packaging of the car
was too tight that caused the
overheating issues and apparently they
fixed it now apparently over a pound
engines overpower teams yeah had that
issue yes now it's resolved yeah that's
what they say so we take their word for
it I don't know less than 20 verses I
can see exactly here another key point
is that obviously because of that
problem the Rhino powered cars will be
looking to cover the most laps as
possible yeah they'll be pushing really
hard i think yes they're forced through
yeah they're pushing really hard to get
as many laps as done collect as much
data as they can because they have
really behind on day there hundreds and
hundreds of laps behind yeah that's
really crucial right information that it
could have used yet yeah next thing
Mercedes McLaren to be honest I think
they were already dominant what they
were obviously they proved it over 300
laps between them and I think they do
you think they can keep up their
dominance I say yes i think so as well
because the Mercedes engine seems to be
the most reliable at the moment yeah so
I think they've covered the most laps
they've got brilliant drivers McLaren I
feel other team that had the need to to
show what they can do because Mercedes
are dead they've been progressing really
slowly and now they're with the big boy
it's like McLaren we do you are normally
a big boy on young teens just plummeted
and now they have to work their way back
up yeah wave Ron Dennis back in the fold
um new ideas a new driver in Magnussen
kevin magnussen yes can they do it I
think I think they can I think they can
yeah yeah uh so not gonna have to pop
prove what they can do ferrari are the
same case they've got kimi no yeah Kimmy
right right in the phone now and Alonso
Weaver long so so that could be heated
that could be an interesting mix yeah
yeah but I think they have enough enough
race experience between them to kind of
know when just tone it down and yeah do
things right yeah definitely you got to
world champions exactly yeah I think
you're a good um but as I was saying
Mercedes as well there I feel going to
be the team that feel they need to win
you have to because they've had
expectation for the last three four
years when Schumi was around as well
Michael Schumacher and they just didn't
do it exactly yeah now is the year I
think so actually I think on the
facebook page of Mercedes they had a
post up saying that they're about to
unleash the beast so they seem pretty
happy about their pretty confident
that's quite exciting I think yeah yeah
ingeras they were i would say the best
team yeah as well so I'm gonna have to
start moving on from here and keep it up
until they hit Melbourne and we'll see
what they can do yeah so I think that's
about it for now we'll be posting videos
every day with the highlights from each
day's testing yeah every day I'm not
testing occurs starting from tomorrow we
will bring you an update a review from
that days of testing and that loss to
the 27 yes to any second of every that's
right and then the second phase of
testing will begin afterwards yes so
each day you'll get a video and a new
episode so please like comment and
subscribe and we'll see you guys next
time feel free to like the twitter and
facebook pages in the description below
yes and we shall see you guys tomorrow
get off the first day of testing well
the second phase yes don't see one of
you then but my case